Xsoar mirroring - Fixed utc and milliseconds bug (#22697)
demisto/content: Packs/XSOARmirroring/ReleaseNotes/2_0_11.md

#### Integrations
##### XSOAR Mirroring

> - Fixed an issue when mirroring on multi-tenant environments was doubling incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue when mirroring on multi-tenant environments created duplicate incidents.
```
